hey ho people and welcome to the
announced info video then I want
also start directly with the voices for
the respective films were available for selection
the film the mystery of the towers and the
coming horrorfilm of which I the
title but not yet betrayed
Who wants to know more about this survey
should just do it again the info
Watch video from about a week ago
the whole thing is pretty pathetic
failed has come relatively many
comments if you think so
knownness are almost
All comments little it thematically
Although there were many applications, it did
good as you wrote which one
he wants to see both films for now
Furthermore, there were significant
comments such as paraffin
exclamation mark or even that
mystery of the towers is cool from which one
then could not see exactly if the
respective author of the comment his
commentary as a vote
if we have anyone here
have omitted something or something
please leave us something similar
have a polite comment as well
we agree with skype
have not been sent
otherwise too much work has been done
that would be readable
but now we finally arrive too
point three people voted in favor
that the current movie is the secret
first of all with many details
should be decorated and that we
also much will be turned on and
nice to put a lot of energy in there
and one has voted that the
horrorfilm quasi the current movie
should replace
it was already announced that the
very much someone failed
but if I sound that way now
it just pathetic
That's why I want to ask you for that
the coming surveys more
Subject-related comments sent
now become the topic that you
probably much more interested
So a boring schwafel the
applications
yes I'll just read the names
People do not care if they are
for the build or directly for that
actor have applied
like i said if i have someone
forgot it writes in the
Comments
I realized the following application
like meyer lpc 987 super toxic boom yoko
my crafter forever minecraft zock star
lp gambler justin
119 women come yoshi fan because despite 100
hamster at lpg profi faction wobbles
linus groups exo nc marmelade 300 yes
if someday it will be wrong
then I'm sorry
but I can not do that
take care
of course I can not just now
whoever participates and who does not and
That's why we have to, of course
to test how the actors want it
sound and generally in the video
work well then what that actually synonymous
Again, I hope you have too
like this video you are satisfied
and yes, who does not join me yet
Skype then should me of course
Add it all goes a lot
easy to compete test et cetera pp
and then I would say pure people
Until next time